Alex: Hey! You made it! How’s it going?
#Great! Its exciting to be in a new city.
I was just passing by
I don’t know why I’m here.
Alex: Glad to hear it! The view up here is amazing, right?
#Absolutely, it’s stunning!
I want to go to the market.
I forgot my shoes today
Bailey: We’ve got a great spot. Have you tried any of their signature drinks yet?
#Not yet, any recommendations?
I will order the chocolate cake.
Yes, I have wifi here.
Bailey: So, what do you think of San Francisco so far?
New York is really busy, I don’t like it.
#I love it. The houses are beautiful.
I want to go to see people.
Alex: Glad you’re liking it! Have you had a chance to try any local spots?
#Yeah, I hit up a taco place yesterday. So good!
I need to study tonight
Is there a bathroom here?
Bailey: You’ve got to check out the Mission District. It’s got some of the best food and murals.
I have to get some bread.
I went on a mission to find the lost treasure.
#Thanks for the tip, I’ll add it to my list.
Alex: “And don’t forget to visit Golden Gate Park. It’s a great place to relax and enjoy nature.
I want to see a concert.
#Sounds like a perfect spot for a picnic.
San Francisco is not my favorite city.
Bailey: We could chill here for a bit or check out that jazz lounge nearby.  
It’s almost evening already  
#I’m down for either. What do you guys think?  
I wanted to see the statue of liberty  
Alex: I’ve heard the lounge has a great live band tonight.  
Aretha Franklin is my favorite singer.  
There is a museum for Asian art here.  
#I love live bands, let’s check it out.  
Bailey: Or we could stay here and enjoy the view a bit longer.  
#I’m down for either  
Congratulations on your baby.  
One medium latte please.  
Alex: How about we finish our drinks here and then head over?  
#Sounds like a plan!  
Why is that there?  
I will drink my drinks later.
Alex: Well, if you can handle the vibe here, you’re practically a local already.
#(Laughing) Guess I’ll have to work on my Californian accent!  
California is beautiful.  
I want to be a New Yorker.  
Bailey: If you’re this chill, you’ll fit right in.
I’m down for either  
#You guys are too nice.  
I cannot go unfortunately  
Alex: Next thing you know, you’ll be calling the fog ‘Karl’ like the rest of us.
#Karl the Fog, I love it!  
If you’re chill with this, I’ll fit right in  
I cannot go tomorrow  
Bailey: And you’ll be complaining about the rent prices in no time.
You cannot live here  
#Yeah, I’ve seen some listings, yikes.  
I want to see more houses
Bailey: Alright, ready to head out?
#Sounds good, let me finish my drink
I wanted to get some drinks
Karl the Fog is my favorite